RNSReloaded.FullmoonArsenal/README.md, before:

# Fullmoon Arsenal

**Limits online play.**

A series of 8 custom fights against the wolves!  
Find your best 3 friends (or worst 3 enemies) and challenge yourselves to beat these lunar+ fights.

This mod is intended for 4 players on lunar difficulty. While other difficulties will work, treat them as a practice mode for the real mod.
Most fights will not work at all with below 4 players - they'll either be incredibly easy or incredibly hard. So make sure you have a full party before setting out.

To ensure fight balance is maintained, loot and shops are not included in the mod - everything will be played with your base kit.

**Mouse players**: Sadly, this mod is not for you. Some fights in the mod combine field limits and turbulent winds in a way that make them near impossible on mouse. You'll have to swap to keyboard or controller for these fights.

List of Fights:
1. Rem, version 1. Also known as "Chicken Tendies", this fight serves as an introduction to the mod with some fun fieldlimit color matches.
2. Rem, version 2. Also known as "Fieldlimit YEET", this is one of the mouse-unfriendly fights.
3. Ran & Xin, version 1. While still in the outskirts, this is the first boss of the mod! It shouldn't be too much trouble once you learn the fight.
4. Rem, version 3. The first fight of the Arsenal, this one's a secret. Have fun :)
5. Mink, version 1. Also known as "Mink Electric Windmill". Sure to get your heart pumping and your party in full panic mode.
6. Mink, version 2. Also known as "Mink Rainstorm". I personally really love this fight. It's quite beautiful.
7. Ran & Xin, version 2. A significant step up in difficulty. This is one of the mouse-unfriendly fights, and the penultimate boss of the mod. You'll need a lot of practice and coordination to get through this. Note: defensive bullet clear sizes have been readjusted and standardized in this fight.
8. Tassha! I hope you like limit cut. Sadly, due to budgetary constraints we were only able to hire 1 Tassha instead of the usual 4. She still won't go easy on you.

Commit message:

Fullmoon arsenal: disable healing after fight if a player has a floof
Also start work on the jump cleave phase of Tassha. Not much here yet but soon hopefully

RNSReloaded.FullmoonArsenal/README.md, after:

# Fullmoon Arsenal

**Limits online play.**

A series of 8 custom fights against the wolves!  
Find your best 3 friends (or worst 3 enemies) and challenge yourselves to beat these lunar+ fights.

This mod is intended for 4 players on lunar difficulty. While other difficulties will work, treat them as a practice mode for the real mod.
Most fights will not work at all with below 4 players - they'll either be incredibly easy or incredibly hard. So make sure you have a full party before setting out.

To ensure fight balance is maintained, loot and shops are not included in the mod - everything will be played with your base kit. Luckily, you start with an item that heals you for 1 HP after each fight (unless you have a floof ball equipped, as an extra challenge)

**Mouse players**: Sadly, this mod is not for you. Some fights in the mod combine field limits and turbulent winds in a way that make them near impossible on mouse. You'll have to swap to keyboard or controller for these fights.

List of Fights:
1. Rem, version 1. Also known as "Chicken Tendies", this fight serves as an introduction to the mod with some fun fieldlimit color matches.
2. Rem, version 2. Also known as "Fieldlimit YEET", this is one of the mouse-unfriendly fights.
3. Ran & Xin, version 1. While still in the outskirts, this is the first boss of the mod! It shouldn't be too much trouble once you learn the fight.
4. Rem, version 3. The first fight of the Arsenal, this one's a secret. Have fun :)
5. Mink, version 1. Also known as "Mink Electric Windmill". Sure to get your heart pumping and your party in full panic mode.
6. Mink, version 2. Also known as "Mink Rainstorm". I personally really love this fight. It's quite beautiful.
7. Ran & Xin, version 2. A significant step up in difficulty. This is one of the mouse-unfriendly fights, and the penultimate boss of the mod. You'll need a lot of practice and coordination to get through this. Note: defensive bullet clear sizes have been readjusted and standardized in this fight.
8. Tassha! Sadly, due to budgetary constraints we were only able to hire 1 Tassha instead of the usual 4. She still won't go easy on you.
